+++
type = "page"
+++
# Data Privacy Policy

Our website may be used without entering personal information. Different rules may apply to certain services on our site, however, and are explained separately below. We collect personal information from you (e.g. name, address, email address, telephone number, etc.) in accordance with the provisions of German data protection statutes. Information is considered personal if it can be associated exclusively to a specific natural person. The legal framework for data protection may be found in the German Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG) and the Telemedia Act (TMG). The provisions below serve to provide information as to the manner, extent and purpose for collecting, using and processing personal information by the provider.

René Kann, Prenzlauer Allee 44, 10405 Berlin  
+49 160 4421713  
hello@renekann.de

Please be aware that data transfer via the internet is subject to security risks and, therefore, complete protection against third-party access to transferred data cannot be ensured.

## Cookies

Our website makes use of so-called cookies in order to recognize repeat use of our website by the same user/internet connection subscriber. Cookies are small text files that your internet browser downloads and stores on your computer. They are used to improve our website and services. In most cases these are so-called "session cookies" that are deleted once you leave our website.

To an extent, however, these cookies also pass along information used to automatically recognize you. Recognition occurs through an IP address saved to the cookies. The information thereby obtained is used to improve our services and to expedite your access to the website.

You can prevent cookies from being installed by adjusting the settings on your browser software accordingly. You should be aware, however, that by doing so you may not be able to make full use of all the functions of our website.

## Server Data

For technical reasons, data such as the following, which your internet browser transmits to us or to our web space provider (so called server log files), is collected:

- type and version of the browser you use
- operating system
- websites that linked you to our site (referrer URL)
- websites that you visit
- date and time of your visit
- your Internet Protocol (IP) address.

This anonymous data is stored separately from any personal information you may have provided, thereby making it impossible to connect it to any particular person. The data is used for statistical purposes in order to improve our website and services.

## Contacting Us

On our website we offer you the opportunity to contact us, either by email and/or by using a contact form. In such event, information provided by the user is stored for the purpose of facilitating communications with the user. No data is transferred to third parties. Nor is any of this information matched to any information that may be collected by other components of our website.

## Use of the web analysis service PIWIK

Our website uses the web analysis service PIWIK. To carry out this analysis, PIWIK uses cookies. Cookies are small text files that are stored to your computer and provide analysis of your use of the site.
The information generated by these cookies, such as time, place and frequency of your visits to our site, including your IP address, are transmitted to our PIWIK server and stored there. As part of this process, you IP address is immediately anonymized so that you as user remain anonymous to us. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this site is not transferred to third parties. You can prevent cookies from being installed by adjusting the settings on your browser software accordingly. You should be aware, however, that by doing so you may not be able to make full use of all the functions of our website.

Should you be unwilling to have this data about your use of the site stored and analyzed, you may at any time subsequently withdraw your consent to it being stored and used with a click of the mouse. A so-called opt-out cookie is then placed on your browser, and as a result Piwik will no longer collect any data on your visits. Please be aware that, should you delete cookies from your browser settings, the opt-out cookie from PIWIK may also be deleted and will need to be reactivated.

{{< piwik language="en" >}}

## Information/Cancellation/Deletion

On the basis of the Federal Data Protection Act, you may contact us at no cost if you have questions relating to the collection, processing or use of your personal information, if you wish to request the correction, blocking or deletion of the same, or if you wish to cancel explicitly granted consent. Please note that you have the right to have incorrect data corrected or to have personal data deleted, where such claim is not barred by any legal obligation to retain this data.

[Sample Data Privacy Policy Statement](https://www.ratgeberrecht.eu/leistungen/muster-datenschutzerklaerung.html) provided by the [Law Offices of Weiß & Partner](https://www.ratgeberrecht.eu/)